♪
(Skip Boyle)
Sure, we only have six students
here at the You Show School.
But what we lack in numbers,
we make up for
with guts.
I knew you kids were talented,
but who'd have guessed
you'd all qualify for
the ARC League Championship!?
It's the proudest moment of
my dueling career!
Let's bring it in, everybody!
Oh!
(moaning)
(bicycle bell dinging)
Let's pretend
that didn't happen.
Okay, I don't have a problem
with that.
Shouldn't we be making
a beeline for the arena?
(grunts)
Right you are, Allie.
(clearing throat)
But first let's have
a quick refresher.
As you may remember,
this championship
will be sectioned off
into three age brackets,
beginning with
the Youth Division.
That's where Tate, Allie,
and Frederick are competing.
(all)
Right!
While Yuya, Zuzu, and Sora
are competing
in the Junior Division.
Yeah.
Okay.
(Skip)
Unless you've been asleep
for the last decade,
you know that these
League Championships
are a titanic deal!
Of course, all the top duel
schools will be represented
by their best and brightest,
including the Leo Institute.
But there will also be
incredible duelists
from across the globe!
So this is our chance
to show the world that
You Show's dueltaining style
of combat is the best.
You've all been terrific
teammates to each other,
but starting now
it's gut‐check time,
and I want you to think of each
other as potential rivals.
Torch all your competitors!
Burn up the field!
Feed the flames!
Keep turning up the heat
on your rivals
till you reach victory
in a blaze of glory!
Attack in a relentless
inferno of fiery fury!
All set.
I can't wait.
Time to hit zee Autobahn.
Let's get rolling.
All right, next stop,
the ARC League Championship.
(all)
Yeah!
(cheering)
(Skip)
Time for the You Show Express
to get underway.
(engine starts)
Onward to Victoryville.
There's no stopping us now.
Ahh!
What's wrong, Zuzu?
Sorry, Dad, but we're
one passenger short.
Who's missing?
(all)
Where's Yuya?
Yuya!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day can make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(crowd chatter)
This is Joy Jeever reporting
live from Paradise Square.
The whole city is sizzling
with excitement.
And why?
Because one of the year's most
exciting events
is just about to kick off.
I'm talking about
the ARC League Championship.
Crowds are filling the arena,
eager to see their favorite
duelists face‐off
in the fantastically realistic
environments generated by
the Leo Corporation's
Augmented Reality Combat system.
This remarkable technology has
revolutionized Action Dueling,
placing duelists directly
in the thick of battle.
It's no wonder this pastime
has the world's most fanatic
fan base.
They can't wait for this
tournament to start.
Neither can I.
Any minute now the opening
ceremonies will begin,
and we can expect
this crowd to go wild.
(crowd cheering)
Huh?
Is the ceremony starting?
No, wait, he's here.
We have a major
celebrity sighting.
It's the one and only
Declan Akaba,
President of Leo Corporation,
the main sponsor
of this competition.
Listen to that crowd
as they welcome
one of the dueling world's
greatest stars.
(all)
Declan, we love you!
What an electric moment.
It seems like ages since Declan
made a public appearance
at a dueling event.
(crowd chanting)
Declan, Declan!
Ahh...
How come that guy is
so popular anyway?
Seriously?
Don't tell me you haven't
heard of Declan Akaba.
He's huge.
One of the all‐time great
living legends.
When he was
a little kid, they said
Declan was a dueling prodigy and
he proved it was true.
He won League Championships
in all three divisions,
then went pro
when he was just a teenager.
(all panting)
Any luck?
Nien, Allie.
Zere's no sign of Yuya.
I wonder what in the world
could've happened to him?
Keep looking!
And call me pronto
if you spot him.
We better find Yuya
before the tournament starts.
Or else Yuya's chances
of becoming a pro
will be over
before they even begin!
Sora, have you
seen Yuya?
Mmm, nope,
not a lick of him.
Well, Zuzu, what next?
I'm not sure.
I called his house, but his
mom said he wasn't there.
And he didn't
go back to the school.
I don't have a clue where
Yuya wandered off to.
(Aura)
No problem!
(all)
Huh?
(Zuzu)
Aura?
If my boyfriend is lost,
then I'm the one to find him.
What do you mean,
boyfriend?
(all)
Whoa!
Zuzu, chill out.
(sighing)
I know where Yuya is.
I'm having a vision of him
right now
as he visits my parents to ask
them if he can take me out.
Oh, Mommy and Daddy,
please say yes.
I'll be happy to take you out
now with one whack.
Save that fury for your
first opponent, Zuzu.
What should we do?
They're gonna start
the championship soon.
Have no fear.
If my clairvoyant powers
can't locate Yuya,
then the power
of my love will.
Where are you,
my darling sweetie pie?
(all screaming)
Oh, speak to my heart,
honey dearest.
I see him!
(all gasp)
(gasps)
Where is Yuya?
That way.
Huh?
I don't see him.
Because you're not looking
hard enough!
He's way over there
on that bridge.
(Yuya)
Well, Dad, this is it.
You knew this day would come
eventually.
And you tried your best
to prepare me.
You're facing
Sledgehammer next.
He's supposed to be really
strong, isn't he?
Yeah, but don't
you worry, Yuya.
As long I stay true
to myself
and keep the audience
dueltained, I'll be fine.
Try to remember
that when you battle
in a tournament yourself.
Sure, one day I'll be
a professional,
and I'll battle
just like you.
That's nice of you to say, but
don't be afraid to be Yuya.
You don't have
to duel like me.
When your time comes, I want
you to compete your way.
Compete my way.
(Yoko)
You certainly know how to turn
everyone's life upside down,
mister.
Hi, Mom.
It so happens that while
you were here daydreaming,
your friends have been
frantically looking for you.
Is everything okay?
I needed... alone time.
Yuya...
Huh?
Your dad was the same way
before a big duel.
Uh‐huh.
It's time for you to shine
and take the stage.
All of your fans are
waiting for you over there.
And no matter
what happens,
remember that
your father and I are
always proud of you.
You got it, Mom.
I heard Yuya Sakaki
went AWOL.
Yeah, guess he's scared
just like his father.
If he doesn't turn up soon,
it'll be too late.
I know.
(Yuya)
Oh, great,
I finally found you.
Huh?
Guys, over here!
What's up?
I made it.
(all)
It's Yuya!
He's back.
(Yuya)
You miss me?
Did we miss you?
We drove ourselves crazy
all morning
trying to track you down.
Well, now you can
call off the search.
We better get movin'.
Don't wanna be late.
You can be so annoying.
Me, annoying?
Oof.
Watch where you're waddlin',
small fry.
Grizzelpike!
I'm shocked that
you didn't decide
to hightail it
out of the championship,
just like your wimpy
old man once did.
What'd you say?
I still can't figure out
how the son
of a despicable coward
beat Sledgehammer.
Who's he?
Don't know.
No Sakaki is worthy of
dueling in this stadium.
Now, how's about I show you
and your lousy cards
where the exit is?
(menacing chuckle)
(growling)
(Gong)
Back off, Grizzelpike!
Huh?
(Yuya)
Gong!
Ha, so you're still this
shrimp's bodyguard, eh?
That figures.
Once a coward always a coward.
I'd be careful what you say
about my best friend.
(lightning cracks)
The opening ceremonies will
kick off shortly!
All duelists,
please take your places
behind your team banners!
Heh, tough talk
means squat to me.
Let's see how tough
you are on the field.
That guy gives skunks
a bad name.
I'm glad
to see you, Gong.
I was worried you wouldn't
make the cut.
Ha, you can't keep
a good duelist down.
Just before
the registration deadline,
Gong got just enough wins
to make it.
You did?
All right!
Put 'er there, buddy.
(Gong chuckles)
(chuckling)
Greetings to all my fellow
dueling fanatics
both near and far.
The day we've been yearning for
has arrived as we flip
the """on" switch for this
year's ARC League Championship.
My name's Nico Smiley
and I'm thrilled
to be your opening ceremony host
from coast to coast.
So let the ARC League
Championship begin!
And now let's kick off
the ARC League Championship!
(crowd cheering)
Our daring duelists
will march in by school.
Take it away, Joy.
(Joy Jeever)
Thanks, Nico.
First up, the Leo
Institute of Dueling.
Last year, Leo dominated
the championships
by winning all
three divisions.
With the largest contingent
of duelists
in this year's
championship,
they're a hands‐down favorite
to make another trophy
sweep.
Huh?
That guy?
He's dueling
for Leo now?
Our second group is determined
to chop its way to victory.
It's the Banded Warrior Academy,
the most powerful proponents
of martial arts style
dueling.
Their best student, Iggy
Arlo, finished second
in the Junior League last
year and is now out for
revenge.
And stepping up next, a team
from far across the sea,
the mysterious Knights of
the Duel Disk.
Behind them, we have
another hometown team
and I'm sure they're ready to
take down the competition!
(Shay)
You say you're willing
to duel me,
but only if I enter
the championship?
Correct.
That event will help us
to single out those duelists
who are the best of the best
to join my fight
against Leo Akaba.
You're battling your father?
It is true that
he is my father.
He's also our common enemy,
and I will stop at nothing
to take him down.
Among the other duelists
who are competing,
there is one who uses
the most powerful Fusions
I've ever detected.
And there will be another
duelist who uses a new
summoning method unlike anything
you've ever seen before.
You will be my eyes
and ears on the field.
I want you to determine whether
they have the skills
needed to join
my great fight.
(Joy Jeever)
Entering the stadium now is
the Abracadabra Academy,
famous for their philosophy
of dueling by deception.
Their star pupil is
Trick Taggart.
So you know the guy
that was marching in
with the other
Leo students?
Yeah.
I watched that guy take on
three elite Leo team members
all by himself.
(gasps)
Rolling in now
are the Dueling Dynamos,
home to some of today's
hottestsingers, dancers, and
duelists.
(gasps)
There's Micky Starlet.
She looks sweet, but in
combat, she's ferocious.
Walking into the spotlight
now are students
from that small training
facility for Dueltainers,
the You Show School.
(crowd cheering)
Go, kids!
Break a duel disk.
Ahh!
Battle your opponents
with that old You Show
razzamatazz.
This crowd has its radar
screens tuned
to You Show's
Yuya Sakaki.
His Pendulum Summoning
has become the talk
of the dueling world.
I expect we'll see him
unleashit early on in this
tournament.
(Tournament Chairman)
Greetings, duelists.
You have battled hard
to be here.
The fact that
you stand before me now
is proof that you are truly
among the elite.
I know that in
the coming days you will face
the challenges ahead with
distinction and dignity.
(applause)
Now one of our competitors will
recite the Duelist's Oath.
And the honor goes to
You Show School's Yuya Sakaki!
Ah!
What do you mean me?!
Recite the Duelists Oath?
Does Yuya even
know it?
Oh, boy!
Thanks for picking me,
but I decline.
(Nico Smiley)
Our marshals will now escort
Yuya to the podium.
Ahh!
Yuya, proclaim that oath
with pride, buddy.
Whoa!
(grunts)
(boy)
Way to take the stage!
(girl)
Totally ate it.
Now, now, this is no time
for comedy routines, my boy.
Remember,
it's a great honor
to recite the oath,
but no pressure.
Uh‐oh.
And now the oath.
(applause)
(clearing throat, feedback)
I, Suya Yokaki...
(crowd gasps)
His brain has shut down.
Like it's full
of sauerkraut.
I promise!
Yuya,
stop freaking out!
Say it in your own way.
(Yuya thinking)
Say it my own way.
Like Dad would have done.
(sighs)
Yuya's brain
has frozen up.
Trust me, Skip,
he'll be just fine.
Huh?
(sighing)
Greetings, fellow dueling fans.
I was asked to come up here
and recite the Duelist's
Oath.
But since must of us know
the it by heart,
I've decided instead to tell
you something you don't
know,
the story of why
I'm here today.
You probably know by now that
I'm the son of Yusho Sakaki.
He was one of the most
popular dueltainers
who ever stepped into
a stadium,
and definitely
one of the greatest.
Then, one day, he shocked
everybody
when he disappeared
just before a big duel.
Some kids used to tease me
by saying I was a coward
like my father.
So I worked hard
to prove 'em wrong.
But I still couldn't face
my problems.
Until one day I learned
how to Pendulum Summon.
Sure, my duels were
more difficult,
but I was having fun again.
I still have a lot
to learn
and have a long journey
ahead of me,
but I'll never forget
to have fun along the way,
because that's what we all love
about dueling,
and that's why we're all here.
Someday I'm going to become
a great dueltainer
like my father was.
I promise that I'll never stop
trying to improve my skills,
that I'll always duel fairly,
and that I'll do everything
I can to help others love
Action Dueling as much as we
do.
(applause)
(crowd cheering)
Is he great or what?
Ha, that was even better than
the official Duelist's Oath.
Take a bow, kiddo,
you're a hit.
Ha‐ha‐ha!
That was spectacular!
Yoko, if that boy of yours
duels as well as he just spoke,
then he has got the Junior ARC
League title all locked up.
Don't get ahead
of yourself.
Huh?
He hasn't won
a thing yet.
There are a lot of
talented duelists here.
I guess so.
If Yuya wants to become
the Junior ARC League champion,
then he'll have to earn it.
It's now time
for our duelists to learn
who they will be facing in
their first matches.
Okay, wannabe champions,
time to slot your competition
datacards into your Duel
Disks.
What do we need these for
anyway?
They'll keep track of us
and how we're doing.
(Nico Smiley)
I'm no tech expert, but I'm told
our central computamajiggy
bleeps out teeny info‐bolts
right to your cards
to tell them your opponent.
We'll use the cards to keep
track of winners and losers,
then tally those results
to calculate the next matchups.
I wonder if I can use these
to order snacks, too.
Now let's see
who I'm gonna duel first?
Sylvio?!
My first opponent is...
Julia!
I'm gonna duel...
tomorrow.
My duel is this afternoon.
(Gong)
Gong's gonna have his work
cut out for him.
Why?
Who's your opponent?
Grizzelpike?!
We were destined to duel.
Mien duel starts
after we wrap up here.
And then I'm up next.
So Frederick, Allie,
and Zuzu will represent
the first wave
of Team You Show.
And you, Sora?
I duel tomorrow.
Against someone
from the Leo Institute.
A Leo duelist?
Which one?
Some guy named
Shay Obsidian.
Huh?
(gasps)
See for yourself.
Lulu!
You're going up against
Shay Obsidian.
(Julia)
There you are, Zuzu.
My first victim of
the tournament.
(Zuzu)
Julia, Julia, I know
you don't like me and all,
but I gotta warn you,
there's this guy named Shay
who's infiltrated
LID's tournament team.
Shay's been
at the institute all year.
He was in my Advanced Dueling
Linguistics class last semester.
What?!
What are you
talking about?
Sora Perse, got it.
(Joy Jeever)
I direct your attention
to Duel Court 3,
where You Show's fearless
Frederick
takes on the SuperDuelist
School's superstar, Trevor.
NNThis is the very first
matchup of our Youth League.
Frederick,
Papa's proud of you.
Mama, too!
Come on, win it
for the SuperDuelists.
Go, Trevor!
All right, Red Mask,
fly at Doodle Beast Stego
and take it out.
(Joy Jeever)
That's Trevor's most powerful
masked monster.
Schtop right zere!
I have a trap zat can make
your attack go kerplunk.
It's called Doodlebook,
unh‐unh‐unh!
Hurrah, Wunderbar!
You've thwarted me
for now, villain.
Und now I'll shnap you
like an uncooked noodle.
Perfect.
By tributing a Sketch Beast
like Stego,
I can zen summon another of mein
handcrafted monstermeisters.
It's zah most destructive
dino in mein deck.
(laughing)
Whoa!
As you can see,
the fields in the Youth League
are designed to add lots of
bounce to the duels.
Now face zee terror
of mein Tyranno!
(roaring)
Sehr gut!
Zat's meinboy.
Tyranno,
use your special ability.
Tyranno automatically makes
your monster go kaput.
After zat, Tyranno gets half
of zat monster's attack points
und can have a powerfest.
Okay, Tyranno, attack Trevor
with Dino Destruction.
(growling)
(roaring)
(screaming)
(Trevor)
My super powers failed.
And that does it for Trevor.
You Show's Frederick has won
the first duel.
Victory!
(Skip)
Atta boy, Frederick.
You just scored You Show's first
win of the championships!
(Yuya)
You were spectacular.
(Frederick)
It was a piece of strudel.
Try not to get
overconfident.
Gong admits you took
an important step today,
little fella.
But always remember
the saying,
"One tree does
not a forest make."
(laughs)
That sounds like it came
from a fortune cookie.
Those cookies pack
a lot of wisdom!
Aren't you
next, Allie?
Yeah.
It says my challenger is
from the Leo Institute.
From Leo?
♪